Scenario - 1 :-

Question 1. What are the strengths and weaknesses of each option?


option 1 -   strength - the model can hold team course instructors in place.
            easy to extract information for shared course instructors

            weaknesses - for this option, we need to change the instructor dimension
            with a not - compatible row of data for shared instructors

option 2 -  strength - detailed data for each team instructor course, we can know how 
            many instructor are assigned to a course.

            weaknesses - if we see broadly, data rows will be very high to store in 
            DWH with most of the common values. (Redundancy)


option 3 -  strength - separation of fact tables will be helpful for different 
            scenarios

            weakness - will not get instructor details from 1st fact table which 
            may not be proper to lose information.



Question 2. Which option would you choose and why?
Ans.  i would choose 2, considering this scenario where only 4% of courses
        have shared instructors.

        Reason :- we are following the rules of all tables and not changing 
        it's structure in any way.
        it will be more convinient to store values in divided Enrollment Count.


Question 3. Would your answer to Question 2 be different if the majority of classes had multiple instructors? How
about if only one or two classes had multiple instructors? (Explain your answer.)

Ans.  if majority of classes had shared instructors then would have chosen option 1 as 
        it wont overload DWH with redundant data.
      if 1-2 classes had shared instructors, then i would have still chosen option2




Question 4. [OPTIONAL] Can you think of another reasonable alternative design besides Options A, B, and C? If
so, what are the advantages and disadvantages of your alternative design?
Ans.
    Not Sure





Scenario - 2 :-

Question 5. What are the strengths and weaknesses of each option?
Ans. 
    Option1 :- 
        strength :- data is updated with time so it wont consume much space over time. 

        weakness- we will lose old data which may not be helpful to check the statistics over 
        a period of time.

    option2 :-
        strength - we can hold data for a retention period so that we wont lose important 
        data to check statistics or growth over a period. 

        weakness -  data will be very much high to store in DWH for so many users with 
            multiple stock trade.

    option3 :- 
        strength - It is a good way to use primary key - foreign key to attach it the 
            customer for it's respective changing value as needed. 

        weakness - Not Sure

    Option4 :- 
        strength - It is a good way to use primary key - foreign key to attach it the 
            customer for it's respective changing value as needed. 

        weakness - Customer Scores table is not involved in fact-table, which 
                may not be a suitable data model.

Question 6. Which option would you choose and why?
Ans. Would choose option - 3 , as scores are available in fact table and any one 
can easily understand and relate to the changes in customer data.

Question 7. Would your answer to Question 6 be different if the number of customers and/or the time interval
between score recalculations was much larger or much smaller? (Explain your answer.)
Ans. Would choose option - 3 , as scores are available in fact table and any one 
can easily understand and relate to the changes in customer data.


Question 8. [OPTIONAL] Can you think of another reasonable alternative design besides Options A, B, C, and D?
If so, what are the advantages and disadvantages of your alternative design?
Ans.  Not Sure



