Q1. What is the purpose of Python's OOP?
Ans) The concept of OOP in Python focuses on creating reusable code. 

Q2. Where does an inheritance search look for an attribute?
Ans) First in the instance object,then in the class the instance was created from.

Q3. How do you distinguish between a class object and an instance object?
Ans) An object is actual thing and instance is a virtual thing.

Q4. What makes the first argument in a class’s method function special?
Ans) It refers to the object itself.

Q5. What is the purpose of the init method?
Ans) the class initialize the object's attributes and serves no other purpose. It is only used within classes.

Q6. What is the process for creating a class instance?
Ans) To create instance of a class you call the class using class name and pass whatever the arguments it's __init__ method accepts.

Q7. What is the process for creating a class?
Ans) To create a class "class" keyword is used followed by the class name.

Q8. How would you define the superclasses of a class?
Ans) By mentonined the superclasses names next to child class name.

Q9. What is the relationship between classes and modules?
Ans) Module is a way to break down python code into managable parts it a module may contain several classes and function but a Class is a blueprint of a realword entity which encapsulates data and functions.

Q10. How do you make instances and classes?
Ans) o create instance of a class you call the class using class name and pass whatever the arguments it's __init__ method accepts whereas, To create a class "class" keyword is used followed by the class name.

Q11. Where and how should be class attributes created?
Ans) Class attributes are declared directly in the class these are shared across all objects

Q12. Where and how are instance attributes created?
Ans) Instance attributes are created in the __init__ method these are specific to object

Q13. What does the term &quot;self&quot; in a Python class mean?
Ans) Self refers to the current object

Q14. How does a Python class handle operator overloading?
Ans) Special function are invoked based on the objects on which the operation is performed

Q15. When do you consider allowing operator overloading of your classes?
Ans) When the objects on which the operation to be performed are different.

Q16. What is the most popular form of operator overloading?
Ans) + is the most popular form of operator overloading

Q17. What are the two most important concepts to grasp in order to comprehend Python OOP code?
Ans) Classes and Objects

Q18. Describe three applications for exception processing.
Ans) a. Exceptions cannot be ignored, they must be caught otherwise the program will terminate
b. It provides a means to sperate error handling code from program code
c. Continue processing as if no error has occured.

Q19. What happens if you don&#39;t do something extra to treat an exception?
Ans) Exceptions cannot be ignored, they must be caught otherwise the program will terminate

Q20. What are your options for recovering from an exception in your script?
Ans) Using except clause and else clauses

Q21. Describe two methods for triggering exceptions in your script.
Ans) try-except are used.

Q22. Identify two methods for specifying actions to be executed at termination time, regardless of
whether or not an exception exists.
Ans) Else and Finally

Q23. What is the purpose of the try statement?
Ans) Allow us to define a block of code to be tested for errors while it is being executed.

Q24. What are the two most popular try statement variations?
Ans) try and except or try,except and else.

Q25. What is the purpose of the raise statement?
Ans) Its is used to raise exceptions or errors.

Q26. What does the assert statement do, and what other statement is it like?
Ans) assert statement takes an expression and optional message.
    assert statement is used to check types, values of argument and the output of the function.


Q27. What is the purpose of the with/as argument, and what other statement is it like?
Ans) In Python with statement is used in exception handling to make the code cleaner
    and much more readable.

Q28. What are *args, **kwargs?
Ans) *args in function definitions in python is used to pass a variable number of arguments to a function.
     It is used to pass a non-key worded, variable-length argument list.
     *kwargs in function definitions in python is used to pass a keyworded, variable-length argument list. We use the name kwargs with the double star.
     The reason is that the double star allows us to pass through keyword arguments

Q29. How can I pass optional or keyword parameters from one function to another?
Ans) By using Keyword arguments and without using keyword arguments.

Q30. What are Lambda Functions?
Ans) A lambda function is an anonymous function that can take any number of argument.

Q31. Explain Inheritance in Python with an example?
Ans) Inheritance is the capability of one class to derive or inherit the properties from another class.
    class A():
        def fun():
            pass
    class B(Ans): # inherit properties of class A in to class B
        def fun():
            pass

Q32. Suppose class C inherits from classes A and B as class C(A,B).Classes A and B both have their own versions of method func(). If we call func() from an object of class C, which version gets invoked?
Ans) Class C's func method itself.
Q33. Which methods/functions do we use to determine the type of instance and inheritance?
Ans) isinstance() is used

Q34.Explain the use of the 'nonlocal' keyword in Python.
Ans) It is used to reference a variable in the nearest scope. 

Q35. What is the global keyword?
Ans) Allows us to modify the variable outside a function.
